# openapi-client
NamSor API v2 : enpoints to process personal names (gender, cultural origin or ethnicity) in all alphabets or languages. By default, enpoints use 1 unit per name (ex. Gender), but Ethnicity classification uses 10 to 20 units per name depending on taxonomy. Use GET methods for small tests, but prefer POST methods for higher throughput (batch processing of up to 100 names at a time). Need something you can't find here? We have many more features coming soon. Let us know, we'll do our best to add it! 

This Python package is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 2.0.27
- Package version: 2.0.27
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.PythonClientCodegen
For more information, please visit [http://www.namsor.com/](http://www.namsor.com/)

## Requirements.

Python &gt;&#x3D;3.7

## Migration from other generators like python and python-legacy

### Changes
1. This generator uses spec case for all (object) property names and parameter names.
    - So if the spec has a property name like camelCase, it will use camelCase rather than camel_case
    - So you will need to update how you input and read properties to use spec case
2. Endpoint parameters are stored in dictionaries to prevent collisions (explanation below)
    - So you will need to update how you pass data in to endpoints
3. Endpoint responses now include the original response, the deserialized response body, and (todo)the deserialized headers
    - So you will need to update your code to use response.body to access deserialized data
4. All validated data is instantiated in an instance that subclasses all validated Schema classes and Decimal/str/list/tuple/frozendict/NoneClass/BoolClass/bytes/io.FileIO
    - This means that you can use isinstance to check if a payload validated against a schema class
    - This means that no data will be of type None/True/False
        - ingested None will subclass NoneClass
        - ingested True will subclass BoolClass
        - ingested False will subclass BoolClass
        - So if you need to check is True/False/None, instead use instance.is_true_oapg()/.is_false_oapg()/.is_none_oapg()
5. All validated class instances are immutable except for ones based on io.File
    - This is because if properties were changed after validation, that validation would no longer apply
    - So no changing values or property values after a class has been instantiated
6. String + Number types with formats
    - String type data is stored as a string and if you need to access types based on its format like date,
    date-time, uuid, number etc then you will need to use accessor functions on the instance
    - type string + format: See .as_date_oapg, .as_datetime_oapg, .as_decimal_oapg, .as_uuid_oapg
    - type number + format: See .as_float_oapg, .as_int_oapg
    - this was done because openapi/json-schema defines constraints. string data may be type string with no format
    keyword in one schema, and include a format constraint in another schema
    - So if you need to access a string format based type, use as_date_oapg/as_datetime_oapg/as_decimal_oapg/as_uuid_oapg
    - So if you need to access a number format based type, use as_int_oapg/as_float_oapg
7. Property access on AnyType(type unset) or object(dict) schemas
    - Only required keys with valid python names are properties like .someProp and have type hints
    - All optional keys may not exist, so properties are not defined for them
    - One can access optional values with dict_instance['optionalProp'] and KeyError will be raised if it does not exist
    - Use get_item_oapg if you need a way to always get a value whether or not the key exists
        - If the key does not exist, schemas.unset is returned from calling dict_instance.get_item_oapg('optionalProp')
        - All required and optional keys have type hints for this method, and @typing.overload is used
        - A type hint is also generated for additionalProperties accessed using this method
    - So you will need to update you code to use some_instance['optionalProp'] to access optional property
    and additionalProperty values
8. The location of the api classes has changed
    - Api classes are located in your_package.apis.tags.some_api
    - This change was made to eliminate redundant code generation
    - Legacy generators generated the same endpoint twice if it had > 1 tag on it
    - This generator defines an endpoint in one class, then inherits that class to generate
      apis by tags and by paths
    - This change reduces code and allows quicker run time if you use the path apis
        - path apis are at your_package.apis.paths.some_path
    - Those apis will only load their needed models, which is less to load than all of the resources needed in a tag api
    - So you will need to update your import paths to the api classes

### Why are Oapg and _oapg used in class and method names?
Classes can have arbitrarily named properties set on them
Endpoints can have arbitrary operationId method names set
For those reasons, I use the prefix Oapg and _oapg to greatly reduce the likelihood of collisions
on protected + public classes/methods.
oapg stands for OpenApi Python Generator.

### Object property spec case
This was done because when payloads are ingested, they can be validated against N number of schemas.
If the input signature used a different property name then that has mutated the payload.
So SchemaA and SchemaB must both see the camelCase spec named variable.
Also it is possible to send in two properties, named camelCase and camel_case in the same payload.
That use case should be support so spec case is used.

### Parameter spec case
Parameters can be included in different locations including:
- query
- path
- header
- cookie

Any of those parameters could use the same parameter names, so if every parameter
was included as an endpoint parameter in a function signature, they would collide.
For that reason, each of those inputs have been separated out into separate typed dictionaries:
- query_params
- path_params
- header_params
- cookie_params

So when updating your code, you will need to pass endpoint parameters in using those
dictionaries.

### Endpoint responses
Endpoint responses have been enriched to now include more information.
Any response reom an endpoint will now include the following properties:
response: urllib3.HTTPResponse
body: typing.Union[Unset, Schema]
headers: typing.Union[Unset, TODO]
Note: response header deserialization has not yet been added


## Installation & Usage
### pip install

If the python package is hosted on a repository, you can install directly using:

```sh
pip install git+https://github.com/namsor/namsor-python-sdk2.git
```
(you may need to run `pip` with root permission: `sudo pip install git+https://github.com/namsor/namsor-python-sdk2.git`)

Then import the package:
```python
import openapi_client
```

### Setuptools

Install via [Setuptools](http://pypi.python.org/pypi/setuptools).

```sh
python setup.py install --user
```
(or `sudo python setup.py install` to install the package for all users)

Then import the package:
```python
import openapi_client
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation procedure](#installation--usage) and then run the following:

```python

import time
import openapi_client
from pprint import pprint
from openapi_client.apis.tags import admin_api
from openapi_client.model.api_classifier_taxonomy_out import APIClassifierTaxonomyOut
from openapi_client.model.api_classifiers_status_out import APIClassifiersStatusOut
from openapi_client.model.api_key_out import APIKeyOut
from openapi_client.model.api_period_usage_out import APIPeriodUsageOut
from openapi_client.model.api_services_out import APIServicesOut
from openapi_client.model.api_usage_aggregated_out import APIUsageAggregatedOut
from openapi_client.model.api_usage_history_out import APIUsageHistoryOut
from openapi_client.model.region_out import RegionOut
from openapi_client.model.software_version_out import SoftwareVersionOut
# Defining the host is optional and defaults to https://v2.namsor.com/NamSorAPIv2
# See configuration.py for a list of all supported configuration parameters.
configuration = openapi_client.Configuration(
    host = "https://v2.namsor.com/NamSorAPIv2"
)

# The client must configure the authentication and authorization parameters
# in accordance with the API server security policy.
# Examples for each auth method are provided below, use the example that
# satisfies your auth use case.

# Configure API key authorization: api_key
configuration.api_key['api_key'] = 'YOUR_API_KEY'

# Uncomment below to setup prefix (e.g. Bearer) for API key, if needed
# configuration.api_key_prefix['api_key'] = 'Bearer'

# Enter a context with an instance of the API client
with openapi_client.ApiClient(configuration) as api_client:
    # Create an instance of the API class
    api_instance = admin_api.AdminApi(api_client)
    source = "source_example" # str | 
anonymized = True # bool | 
token = "token_example" # str | 

    try:
        # Activate/deactivate anonymization for a source.
        api_response = api_instance.anonymize(sourceanonymizedtoken)
        pprint(api_response)
    except openapi_client.ApiException as e:
        print("Exception when calling AdminApi->anonymize: %s\n" % e)
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://v2.namsor.com/NamSorAPIv2*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*AdminApi* | [**anonymize**](docs/apis/tags/AdminApi.md#anonymize) | **get** /api2/json/anonymize/{source}/{anonymized}/{token} | Activate/deactivate anonymization for a source.
*AdminApi* | [**anonymize1**](docs/apis/tags/AdminApi.md#anonymize1) | **get** /api2/json/anonymize/{source}/{anonymized} | Activate/deactivate anonymization for a source.
*AdminApi* | [**api_key_info**](docs/apis/tags/AdminApi.md#api_key_info) | **get** /api2/json/apiKeyInfo | Read API Key info.
*AdminApi* | [**api_status**](docs/apis/tags/AdminApi.md#api_status) | **get** /api2/json/apiStatus | Prints the current status of the classifiers. A classifier name in apiStatus corresponds to a service name in apiServices.
*AdminApi* | [**api_usage**](docs/apis/tags/AdminApi.md#api_usage) | **get** /api2/json/apiUsage | Print current API usage.
*AdminApi* | [**api_usage_history**](docs/apis/tags/AdminApi.md#api_usage_history) | **get** /api2/json/apiUsageHistory | Print historical API usage.
*AdminApi* | [**api_usage_history_aggregate**](docs/apis/tags/AdminApi.md#api_usage_history_aggregate) | **get** /api2/json/apiUsageHistoryAggregate | Print historical API usage (in an aggregated view, by service, by day/hour/min).
*AdminApi* | [**available_services**](docs/apis/tags/AdminApi.md#available_services) | **get** /api2/json/apiServices | List of classification services and usage cost in Units per classification (default is 1&#x3D;ONE Unit). Some API endpoints (ex. Corridor) combine multiple classifiers.
*AdminApi* | [**disable**](docs/apis/tags/AdminApi.md#disable) | **get** /api2/json/disable/{source}/{disabled} | Activate/deactivate an API Key.
*AdminApi* | [**learnable**](docs/apis/tags/AdminApi.md#learnable) | **get** /api2/json/learnable/{source}/{learnable}/{token} | Activate/deactivate learning from a source.
*AdminApi* | [**learnable1**](docs/apis/tags/AdminApi.md#learnable1) | **get** /api2/json/learnable/{source}/{learnable} | Activate/deactivate learning from a source.
*AdminApi* | [**regions**](docs/apis/tags/AdminApi.md#regions) | **get** /api2/json/regions | Print basic source statistics.
*AdminApi* | [**software_version**](docs/apis/tags/AdminApi.md#software_version) | **get** /api2/json/softwareVersion | Get the current software version
*AdminApi* | [**taxonomy_classes**](docs/apis/tags/AdminApi.md#taxonomy_classes) | **get** /api2/json/taxonomyClasses/{classifierName} | Print the taxonomy classes valid for the given classifier.
*ChineseApi* | [**chinese_name_candidates**](docs/apis/tags/ChineseApi.md#chinese_name_candidates) | **get** /api2/json/chineseNameCandidates/{chineseSurnameLatin}/{chineseGivenNameLatin} | Identify Chinese name candidates, based on the romanized name ex. Wang Xiaoming
*ChineseApi* | [**chinese_name_candidates_batch**](docs/apis/tags/ChineseApi.md#chinese_name_candidates_batch) | **post** /api2/json/chineseNameCandidatesBatch | Identify Chinese name candidates, based on the romanized name (firstName &#x3D; chineseGivenName; lastName&#x3D;chineseSurname), ex. Wang Xiaoming
*ChineseApi* | [**chinese_name_candidates_gender_batch**](docs/apis/tags/ChineseApi.md#chinese_name_candidates_gender_batch) | **post** /api2/json/chineseNameCandidatesGenderBatch | Identify Chinese name candidates, based on the romanized name (firstName &#x3D; chineseGivenName; lastName&#x3D;chineseSurname) ex. Wang Xiaoming.
*ChineseApi* | [**chinese_name_gender_candidates**](docs/apis/tags/ChineseApi.md#chinese_name_gender_candidates) | **get** /api2/json/chineseNameGenderCandidates/{chineseSurnameLatin}/{chineseGivenNameLatin}/{knownGender} | Identify Chinese name candidates, based on the romanized name ex. Wang Xiaoming - having a known gender (&#x27;male&#x27; or &#x27;female&#x27;)
*ChineseApi* | [**chinese_name_match**](docs/apis/tags/ChineseApi.md#chinese_name_match) | **get** /api2/json/chineseNameMatch/{chineseSurnameLatin}/{chineseGivenNameLatin}/{chineseName} | Return a score for matching Chinese name ex. 王晓明 with a romanized name ex. Wang Xiaoming
*ChineseApi* | [**chinese_name_match_batch**](docs/apis/tags/ChineseApi.md#chinese_name_match_batch) | **post** /api2/json/chineseNameMatchBatch | Identify Chinese name candidates, based on the romanized name (firstName &#x3D; chineseGivenName; lastName&#x3D;chineseSurname), ex. Wang Xiaoming
*ChineseApi* | [**gender_chinese_name**](docs/apis/tags/ChineseApi.md#gender_chinese_name) | **get** /api2/json/genderChineseName/{chineseName} | Infer the likely gender of a Chinese full name ex. 王晓明
*ChineseApi* | [**gender_chinese_name_batch**](docs/apis/tags/ChineseApi.md#gender_chinese_name_batch) | **post** /api2/json/genderChineseNameBatch | Infer the likely gender of up to 100 full names ex. 王晓明
*ChineseApi* | [**gender_chinese_name_pinyin**](docs/apis/tags/ChineseApi.md#gender_chinese_name_pinyin) | **get** /api2/json/genderChineseNamePinyin/{chineseSurnameLatin}/{chineseGivenNameLatin} | Infer the likely gender of a Chinese name in LATIN (Pinyin).
*ChineseApi* | [**gender_chinese_name_pinyin_batch**](docs/apis/tags/ChineseApi.md#gender_chinese_name_pinyin_batch) | **post** /api2/json/genderChineseNamePinyinBatch | Infer the likely gender of up to 100 Chinese names in LATIN (Pinyin).
*ChineseApi* | [**parse_chinese_name**](docs/apis/tags/ChineseApi.md#parse_chinese_name) | **get** /api2/json/parseChineseName/{chineseName} | Infer the likely first/last name structure of a name, ex. 王晓明 -&gt; 王(surname) 晓明(given name)
*ChineseApi* | [**parse_chinese_name_batch**](docs/apis/tags/ChineseApi.md#parse_chinese_name_batch) | **post** /api2/json/parseChineseNameBatch | Infer the likely first/last name structure of a name, ex. 王晓明 -&gt; 王(surname) 晓明(given name).
*ChineseApi* | [**pinyin_chinese_name**](docs/apis/tags/ChineseApi.md#pinyin_chinese_name) | **get** /api2/json/pinyinChineseName/{chineseName} | Romanize the Chinese name to Pinyin, ex. 王晓明 -&gt; Wang (surname) Xiaoming (given name)
*ChineseApi* | [**pinyin_chinese_name_batch**](docs/apis/tags/ChineseApi.md#pinyin_chinese_name_batch) | **post** /api2/json/pinyinChineseNameBatch | Romanize a list of Chinese name to Pinyin, ex. 王晓明 -&gt; Wang (surname) Xiaoming (given name).
*GeneralApi* | [**name_type**](docs/apis/tags/GeneralApi.md#name_type) | **get** /api2/json/nameType/{properNoun} | Infer the likely type of a proper noun (personal name, brand name, place name etc.)
*GeneralApi* | [**name_type_batch**](docs/apis/tags/GeneralApi.md#name_type_batch) | **post** /api2/json/nameTypeBatch | Infer the likely common type of up to 100 proper nouns (personal name, brand name, place name etc.)
*GeneralApi* | [**name_type_geo**](docs/apis/tags/GeneralApi.md#name_type_geo) | **get** /api2/json/nameTypeGeo/{properNoun}/{countryIso2} | Infer the likely type of a proper noun (personal name, brand name, place name etc.)
*GeneralApi* | [**name_type_geo_batch**](docs/apis/tags/GeneralApi.md#name_type_geo_batch) | **post** /api2/json/nameTypeGeoBatch | Infer the likely common type of up to 100 proper nouns (personal name, brand name, place name etc.)
*IndianApi* | [**caste_indian_batch**](docs/apis/tags/IndianApi.md#caste_indian_batch) | **post** /api2/json/casteIndianBatch | [USES 10 UNITS PER NAME] Infer the likely Indian name caste of up to 100 personal Indian Hindu names. 
*IndianApi* | [**castegroup_indian**](docs/apis/tags/IndianApi.md#castegroup_indian) | **get** /api2/json/castegroupIndian/{subDivisionIso31662}/{firstName}/{lastName} | [USES 10 UNITS PER NAME] Infer the likely Indian name castegroup of a first / last name.
*IndianApi* | [**castegroup_indian_batch**](docs/apis/tags/IndianApi.md#castegroup_indian_batch) | **post** /api2/json/castegroupIndianBatch | [USES 10 UNITS PER NAME] Infer the likely Indian name castegroup of up to 100 personal first / last names. 
*IndianApi* | [**castegroup_indian_full**](docs/apis/tags/IndianApi.md#castegroup_indian_full) | **get** /api2/json/castegroupIndianFull/{subDivisionIso31662}/{personalNameFull} | [USES 10 UNITS PER NAME] Infer the likely Indian name castegroup of a personal full name.
*IndianApi* | [**castegroup_indian_full_batch**](docs/apis/tags/IndianApi.md#castegroup_indian_full_batch) | **post** /api2/json/castegroupIndianFullBatch | [USES 10 UNITS PER NAME] Infer the likely Indian name castegroup of up to 100 personal full names. 
*IndianApi* | [**castegroup_indian_hindu**](docs/apis/tags/IndianApi.md#castegroup_indian_hindu) | **get** /api2/json/casteIndian/{subDivisionIso31662}/{firstName}/{lastName} | [USES 10 UNITS PER NAME] Infer the likely Indian name caste of a personal Hindu name.
*IndianApi* | [**religion**](docs/apis/tags/IndianApi.md#religion) | **get** /api2/json/religionIndianFull/{subDivisionIso31662}/{personalNameFull} | [USES 10 UNITS PER NAME] Infer the likely religion of a personal Indian full name, provided the Indian state or Union territory (NB/ this can be inferred using the subclassification endpoint).
*IndianApi* | [**religion1**](docs/apis/tags/IndianApi.md#religion1) | **get** /api2/json/religionIndian/{subDivisionIso31662}/{firstName}/{lastName} | [USES 10 UNITS PER NAME] Infer the likely religion of a personal Indian first/last name, provided the Indian state or Union territory (NB/ this can be inferred using the subclassification endpoint).
*IndianApi* | [**religion_indian_batch**](docs/apis/tags/IndianApi.md#religion_indian_batch) | **post** /api2/json/religionIndianBatch | [USES 10 UNITS PER NAME] Infer the likely religion of up to 100 personal first/last Indian names, provided the subclassification at State or Union territory level (NB/ can be inferred using the subclassification endpoint).
*IndianApi* | [**religion_indian_full_batch**](docs/apis/tags/IndianApi.md#religion_indian_full_batch) | **post** /api2/json/religionIndianFullBatch | [USES 10 UNITS PER NAME] Infer the likely religion of up to 100 personal full Indian names, provided the subclassification at State or Union territory level (NB/ can be inferred using the subclassification endpoint).
*IndianApi* | [**subclassification_indian**](docs/apis/tags/IndianApi.md#subclassification_indian) | **get** /api2/json/subclassificationIndian/{firstName}/{lastName} | [USES 10 UNITS PER NAME] Infer the likely Indian state of Union territory according to ISO 3166-2:IN based on the name.
*IndianApi* | [**subclassification_indian_batch**](docs/apis/tags/IndianApi.md#subclassification_indian_batch) | **post** /api2/json/subclassificationIndianBatch | [USES 10 UNITS PER NAME] Infer the likely Indian state of Union territory according to ISO 3166-2:IN based on a list of up to 100 names.
*IndianApi* | [**subclassification_indian_full**](docs/apis/tags/IndianApi.md#subclassification_indian_full) | **get** /api2/json/subclassificationIndianFull/{fullName} | [USES 10 UNITS PER NAME] Infer the likely Indian state of Union territory according to ISO 3166-2:IN based on the name.
*IndianApi* | [**subclassification_indian_full_batch**](docs/apis/tags/IndianApi.md#subclassification_indian_full_batch) | **post** /api2/json/subclassificationIndianFullBatch | [USES 10 UNITS PER NAME] Infer the likely Indian state of Union territory according to ISO 3166-2:IN based on a list of up to 100 names.
*JapaneseApi* | [**gender_japanese_name_full**](docs/apis/tags/JapaneseApi.md#gender_japanese_name_full) | **get** /api2/json/genderJapaneseNameFull/{japaneseName} | Infer the likely gender of a Japanese full name ex. 王晓明
*JapaneseApi* | [**gender_japanese_name_full_batch**](docs/apis/tags/JapaneseApi.md#gender_japanese_name_full_batch) | **post** /api2/json/genderJapaneseNameFullBatch | Infer the likely gender of up to 100 full names
*JapaneseApi* | [**gender_japanese_name_pinyin**](docs/apis/tags/JapaneseApi.md#gender_japanese_name_pinyin) | **get** /api2/json/genderJapaneseName/{japaneseSurname}/{japaneseGivenName} | Infer the likely gender of a Japanese name in LATIN (Pinyin).
*JapaneseApi* | [**gender_japanese_name_pinyin_batch**](docs/apis/tags/JapaneseApi.md#gender_japanese_name_pinyin_batch) | **post** /api2/json/genderJapaneseNameBatch | Infer the likely gender of up to 100 Japanese names in LATIN (Pinyin).
*JapaneseApi* | [**japanese_name_gender_kanji_candidates_batch**](docs/apis/tags/JapaneseApi.md#japanese_name_gender_kanji_candidates_batch) | **post** /api2/json/japaneseNameGenderKanjiCandidatesBatch | Identify japanese name candidates in KANJI, based on the romanized name (firstName &#x3D; japaneseGivenName; lastName&#x3D;japaneseSurname) with KNOWN gender, ex. Yamamoto Sanae
*JapaneseApi* | [**japanese_name_kanji_candidates**](docs/apis/tags/JapaneseApi.md#japanese_name_kanji_candidates) | **get** /api2/json/japaneseNameKanjiCandidates/{japaneseSurnameLatin}/{japaneseGivenNameLatin} | Identify japanese name candidates in KANJI, based on the romanized name ex. Yamamoto Sanae
*JapaneseApi* | [**japanese_name_kanji_candidates1**](docs/apis/tags/JapaneseApi.md#japanese_name_kanji_candidates1) | **get** /api2/json/japaneseNameKanjiCandidates/{japaneseSurnameLatin}/{japaneseGivenNameLatin}/{knownGender} | Identify japanese name candidates in KANJI, based on the romanized name ex. Yamamoto Sanae - and a known gender.
*JapaneseApi* | [**japanese_name_kanji_candidates_batch**](docs/apis/tags/JapaneseApi.md#japanese_name_kanji_candidates_batch) | **post** /api2/json/japaneseNameKanjiCandidatesBatch | Identify japanese name candidates in KANJI, based on the romanized name (firstName &#x3D; japaneseGivenName; lastName&#x3D;japaneseSurname), ex. Yamamoto Sanae
*JapaneseApi* | [**japanese_name_latin_candidates**](docs/apis/tags/JapaneseApi.md#japanese_name_latin_candidates) | **get** /api2/json/japaneseNameLatinCandidates/{japaneseSurnameKanji}/{japaneseGivenNameKanji} | Romanize japanese name, based on the name in Kanji.
*JapaneseApi* | [**japanese_name_latin_candidates_batch**](docs/apis/tags/JapaneseApi.md#japanese_name_latin_candidates_batch) | **post** /api2/json/japaneseNameLatinCandidatesBatch | Romanize japanese names, based on the name in KANJI
*JapaneseApi* | [**japanese_name_match**](docs/apis/tags/JapaneseApi.md#japanese_name_match) | **get** /api2/json/japaneseNameMatch/{japaneseSurnameLatin}/{japaneseGivenNameLatin}/{japaneseName} | Return a score for matching Japanese name in KANJI ex. 山本 早苗 with a romanized name ex. Yamamoto Sanae
*JapaneseApi* | [**japanese_name_match_batch**](docs/apis/tags/JapaneseApi.md#japanese_name_match_batch) | **post** /api2/json/japaneseNameMatchBatch | Return a score for matching a list of Japanese names in KANJI ex. 山本 早苗 with romanized names ex. Yamamoto Sanae
*JapaneseApi* | [**japanese_name_match_feedback_loop**](docs/apis/tags/JapaneseApi.md#japanese_name_match_feedback_loop) | **get** /api2/json/japaneseNameMatchFeedbackLoop/{japaneseSurnameLatin}/{japaneseGivenNameLatin}/{japaneseName} | [CREDITS 1 UNIT] Feedback loop to better perform matching Japanese name in KANJI ex. 山本 早苗 with a romanized name ex. Yamamoto Sanae
*JapaneseApi* | [**parse_japanese_name**](docs/apis/tags/JapaneseApi.md#parse_japanese_name) | **get** /api2/json/parseJapaneseName/{japaneseName} | Infer the likely first/last name structure of a name, ex. 山本 早苗 or Yamamoto Sanae
*JapaneseApi* | [**parse_japanese_name_batch**](docs/apis/tags/JapaneseApi.md#parse_japanese_name_batch) | **post** /api2/json/parseJapaneseNameBatch | Infer the likely first/last name structure of a name, ex. 山本 早苗 or Yamamoto Sanae 
*PersonalApi* | [**corridor**](docs/apis/tags/PersonalApi.md#corridor) | **get** /api2/json/corridor/{countryIso2From}/{firstNameFrom}/{lastNameFrom}/{countryIso2To}/{firstNameTo}/{lastNameTo} | [USES 20 UNITS PER NAME COUPLE] Infer several classifications for a cross border interaction between names (ex. remit, travel, intl com)
*PersonalApi* | [**corridor_batch**](docs/apis/tags/PersonalApi.md#corridor_batch) | **post** /api2/json/corridorBatch | [USES 20 UNITS PER NAME PAIR] Infer several classifications for up to 100 cross border interaction between names (ex. remit, travel, intl com)
*PersonalApi* | [**country**](docs/apis/tags/PersonalApi.md#country) | **get** /api2/json/country/{personalNameFull} | [USES 10 UNITS PER NAME] Infer the likely country of residence of a personal full name, or one surname. Assumes names as they are in the country of residence OR the country of origin.
*PersonalApi* | [**country_batch**](docs/apis/tags/PersonalApi.md#country_batch) | **post** /api2/json/countryBatch | [USES 10 UNITS PER NAME] Infer the likely country of residence of up to 100 personal full names, or surnames. Assumes names as they are in the country of residence OR the country of origin.
*PersonalApi* | [**diaspora**](docs/apis/tags/PersonalApi.md#diaspora) | **get** /api2/json/diaspora/{countryIso2}/{firstName}/{lastName} | [USES 20 UNITS PER NAME] Infer the likely ethnicity/diaspora of a personal name, given a country of residence ISO2 code (ex. US, CA, AU, NZ etc.)
*PersonalApi* | [**diaspora_batch**](docs/apis/tags/PersonalApi.md#diaspora_batch) | **post** /api2/json/diasporaBatch | [USES 20 UNITS PER NAME] Infer the likely ethnicity/diaspora of up to 100 personal names, given a country of residence ISO2 code (ex. US, CA, AU, NZ etc.)
*PersonalApi* | [**gender**](docs/apis/tags/PersonalApi.md#gender) | **get** /api2/json/gender/{firstName} | Infer the likely gender of a just a fiven name, assuming default &#x27;US&#x27; local context. Please use preferably full names and local geographic context for better accuracy.
*PersonalApi* | [**gender1**](docs/apis/tags/PersonalApi.md#gender1) | **get** /api2/json/gender/{firstName}/{lastName} | Infer the likely gender of a name.
*PersonalApi* | [**gender_batch**](docs/apis/tags/PersonalApi.md#gender_batch) | **post** /api2/json/genderBatch | Infer the likely gender of up to 100 names, detecting automatically the cultural context.
*PersonalApi* | [**gender_full**](docs/apis/tags/PersonalApi.md#gender_full) | **get** /api2/json/genderFull/{fullName} | Infer the likely gender of a full name, ex. John H. Smith
*PersonalApi* | [**gender_full_batch**](docs/apis/tags/PersonalApi.md#gender_full_batch) | **post** /api2/json/genderFullBatch | Infer the likely gender of up to 100 full names, detecting automatically the cultural context.
*PersonalApi* | [**gender_full_geo**](docs/apis/tags/PersonalApi.md#gender_full_geo) | **get** /api2/json/genderFullGeo/{fullName}/{countryIso2} | Infer the likely gender of a full name, given a local context (ISO2 country code).
*PersonalApi* | [**gender_full_geo_batch**](docs/apis/tags/PersonalApi.md#gender_full_geo_batch) | **post** /api2/json/genderFullGeoBatch | Infer the likely gender of up to 100 full names, with a given cultural context (country ISO2 code).
*PersonalApi* | [**gender_geo**](docs/apis/tags/PersonalApi.md#gender_geo) | **get** /api2/json/genderGeo/{firstName}/{lastName}/{countryIso2} | Infer the likely gender of a name, given a local context (ISO2 country code).
*PersonalApi* | [**gender_geo_batch**](docs/apis/tags/PersonalApi.md#gender_geo_batch) | **post** /api2/json/genderGeoBatch | Infer the likely gender of up to 100 names, each given a local context (ISO2 country code).
*PersonalApi* | [**origin**](docs/apis/tags/PersonalApi.md#origin) | **get** /api2/json/origin/{firstName}/{lastName} | [USES 10 UNITS PER NAME] Infer the likely country of origin of a personal name. Assumes names as they are in the country of origin. For US, CA, AU, NZ and other melting-pots : use &#x27;diaspora&#x27; instead.
*PersonalApi* | [**origin_batch**](docs/apis/tags/PersonalApi.md#origin_batch) | **post** /api2/json/originBatch | [USES 10 UNITS PER NAME] Infer the likely country of origin of up to 100 names, detecting automatically the cultural context.
*PersonalApi* | [**parse_name**](docs/apis/tags/PersonalApi.md#parse_name) | **get** /api2/json/parseName/{nameFull} | Infer the likely first/last name structure of a name, ex. John Smith or SMITH, John or SMITH; John. 
*PersonalApi* | [**parse_name_batch**](docs/apis/tags/PersonalApi.md#parse_name_batch) | **post** /api2/json/parseNameBatch | Infer the likely first/last name structure of a name, ex. John Smith or SMITH, John or SMITH; John.
*PersonalApi* | [**parse_name_geo**](docs/apis/tags/PersonalApi.md#parse_name_geo) | **get** /api2/json/parseName/{nameFull}/{countryIso2} | Infer the likely first/last name structure of a name, ex. John Smith or SMITH, John or SMITH; John. For better accuracy, provide a geographic context.
*PersonalApi* | [**parse_name_geo_batch**](docs/apis/tags/PersonalApi.md#parse_name_geo_batch) | **post** /api2/json/parseNameGeoBatch | Infer the likely first/last name structure of a name, ex. John Smith or SMITH, John or SMITH; John. Giving a local context improves precision. 
*PersonalApi* | [**religion2**](docs/apis/tags/PersonalApi.md#religion2) | **get** /api2/json/religion/{countryIso2}/{subDivisionIso31662}/{firstName}/{lastName} | [USES 10 UNITS PER NAME] Infer the likely religion of a personal first/last name. NB: only for INDIA (as of current version).
*PersonalApi* | [**religion_batch**](docs/apis/tags/PersonalApi.md#religion_batch) | **post** /api2/json/religionBatch | [USES 10 UNITS PER NAME] Infer the likely religion of up to 100 personal first/last names. NB: only for India as of currently.
*PersonalApi* | [**religion_full**](docs/apis/tags/PersonalApi.md#religion_full) | **get** /api2/json/religionFull/{countryIso2}/{subDivisionIso31662}/{personalNameFull} | [USES 10 UNITS PER NAME] Infer the likely religion of a personal full name. NB: only for INDIA (as of current version).
*PersonalApi* | [**religion_full_batch**](docs/apis/tags/PersonalApi.md#religion_full_batch) | **post** /api2/json/religionFullBatch | [USES 10 UNITS PER NAME] Infer the likely religion of up to 100 personal full names. NB: only for India as of currently.
*PersonalApi* | [**subclassification**](docs/apis/tags/PersonalApi.md#subclassification) | **get** /api2/json/subclassification/{countryIso2}/{firstName}/{lastName} | [USES 10 UNITS PER NAME] Infer the likely origin of a name at a country subclassification level (state or regeion). Initially, this is only supported for India (ISO2 code &#x27;IN&#x27;).
*PersonalApi* | [**subclassification_batch**](docs/apis/tags/PersonalApi.md#subclassification_batch) | **post** /api2/json/subclassificationBatch | [USES 10 UNITS PER NAME] Infer the likely origin of a list of up to 100 names at a country subclassification level (state or regeion). Initially, this is only supported for India (ISO2 code &#x27;IN&#x27;).
*PersonalApi* | [**subclassification_full**](docs/apis/tags/PersonalApi.md#subclassification_full) | **get** /api2/json/subclassificationFull/{countryIso2}/{fullName} | [USES 10 UNITS PER NAME] Infer the likely origin of a name at a country subclassification level (state or regeion). Initially, this is only supported for India (ISO2 code &#x27;IN&#x27;).
*PersonalApi* | [**subclassification_full_batch**](docs/apis/tags/PersonalApi.md#subclassification_full_batch) | **post** /api2/json/subclassificationFullBatch | [USES 10 UNITS PER NAME] Infer the likely origin of a list of up to 100 names at a country subclassification level (state or regeion). Initially, this is only supported for India (ISO2 code &#x27;IN&#x27;).
*PersonalApi* | [**us_race_ethnicity**](docs/apis/tags/PersonalApi.md#us_race_ethnicity) | **get** /api2/json/usRaceEthnicity/{firstName}/{lastName} | [USES 10 UNITS PER NAME] Infer a US resident&#x27;s likely race/ethnicity according to US Census taxonomy W_NL (white, non latino), HL (hispano latino),  A (asian, non latino), B_NL (black, non latino). Optionally add header X-OPTION-USRACEETHNICITY-TAXONOMY: USRACEETHNICITY-6CLASSES for two additional classes, AI_AN (American Indian or Alaskan Native) and PI (Pacific Islander).
*PersonalApi* | [**us_race_ethnicity_batch**](docs/apis/tags/PersonalApi.md#us_race_ethnicity_batch) | **post** /api2/json/usRaceEthnicityBatch | [USES 10 UNITS PER NAME] Infer up-to 100 US resident&#x27;s likely race/ethnicity according to US Census taxonomy. Output is W_NL (white, non latino), HL (hispano latino),  A (asian, non latino), B_NL (black, non latino). Optionally add header X-OPTION-USRACEETHNICITY-TAXONOMY: USRACEETHNICITY-6CLASSES for two additional classes, AI_AN (American Indian or Alaskan Native) and PI (Pacific Islander).
*PersonalApi* | [**us_race_ethnicity_zip5**](docs/apis/tags/PersonalApi.md#us_race_ethnicity_zip5) | **get** /api2/json/usRaceEthnicityZIP5/{firstName}/{lastName}/{zip5Code} | [USES 10 UNITS PER NAME] Infer a US resident&#x27;s likely race/ethnicity according to US Census taxonomy, using (optional) ZIP5 code info. Output is W_NL (white, non latino), HL (hispano latino),  A (asian, non latino), B_NL (black, non latino). Optionally add header X-OPTION-USRACEETHNICITY-TAXONOMY: USRACEETHNICITY-6CLASSES for two additional classes, AI_AN (American Indian or Alaskan Native) and PI (Pacific Islander).
*PersonalApi* | [**us_zip_race_ethnicity_batch**](docs/apis/tags/PersonalApi.md#us_zip_race_ethnicity_batch) | **post** /api2/json/usZipRaceEthnicityBatch | [USES 10 UNITS PER NAME] Infer up-to 100 US resident&#x27;s likely race/ethnicity according to US Census taxonomy, with (optional) ZIP code. Output is W_NL (white, non latino), HL (hispano latino),  A (asian, non latino), B_NL (black, non latino). Optionally add header X-OPTION-USRACEETHNICITY-TAXONOMY: USRACEETHNICITY-6CLASSES for two additional classes, AI_AN (American Indian or Alaskan Native) and PI (Pacific Islander).
*SocialApi* | [**phone_code**](docs/apis/tags/SocialApi.md#phone_code) | **get** /api2/json/phoneCode/{firstName}/{lastName}/{phoneNumber} | [USES 11 UNITS PER NAME] Infer the likely country and phone prefix, given a personal name and formatted / unformatted phone number.
*SocialApi* | [**phone_code_batch**](docs/apis/tags/SocialApi.md#phone_code_batch) | **post** /api2/json/phoneCodeBatch | [USES 11 UNITS PER NAME] Infer the likely country and phone prefix, of up to 100 personal names, detecting automatically the local context given a name and formatted / unformatted phone number.
*SocialApi* | [**phone_code_geo**](docs/apis/tags/SocialApi.md#phone_code_geo) | **get** /api2/json/phoneCodeGeo/{firstName}/{lastName}/{phoneNumber}/{countryIso2} | [USES 11 UNITS PER NAME] Infer the likely phone prefix, given a personal name and formatted / unformatted phone number, with a local context (ISO2 country of residence).
*SocialApi* | [**phone_code_geo_batch**](docs/apis/tags/SocialApi.md#phone_code_geo_batch) | **post** /api2/json/phoneCodeGeoBatch | [USES 11 UNITS PER NAME] Infer the likely country and phone prefix, of up to 100 personal names, with a local context (ISO2 country of residence).
*SocialApi* | [**phone_code_geo_feedback_loop**](docs/apis/tags/SocialApi.md#phone_code_geo_feedback_loop) | **get** /api2/json/phoneCodeGeoFeedbackLoop/{firstName}/{lastName}/{phoneNumber}/{phoneNumberE164}/{countryIso2} | [CREDITS 1 UNIT] Feedback loop to better infer the likely phone prefix, given a personal name and formatted / unformatted phone number, with a local context (ISO2 country of residence).

## Documentation For Models

 - [APIBillingPeriodUsageOut](docs/models/APIBillingPeriodUsageOut.md)
 - [APIClassifierOut](docs/models/APIClassifierOut.md)
 - [APIClassifierTaxonomyOut](docs/models/APIClassifierTaxonomyOut.md)
 - [APIClassifiersStatusOut](docs/models/APIClassifiersStatusOut.md)
 - [APICounterV2Out](docs/models/APICounterV2Out.md)
 - [APIKeyOut](docs/models/APIKeyOut.md)
 - [APIPeriodUsageOut](docs/models/APIPeriodUsageOut.md)
 - [APIPlanSubscriptionOut](docs/models/APIPlanSubscriptionOut.md)
 - [APIServiceOut](docs/models/APIServiceOut.md)
 - [APIServicesOut](docs/models/APIServicesOut.md)
 - [APIUsageAggregatedOut](docs/models/APIUsageAggregatedOut.md)
 - [APIUsageHistoryOut](docs/models/APIUsageHistoryOut.md)
 - [BatchCorridorIn](docs/models/BatchCorridorIn.md)
 - [BatchCorridorOut](docs/models/BatchCorridorOut.md)
 - [BatchFirstLastNameCasteOut](docs/models/BatchFirstLastNameCasteOut.md)
 - [BatchFirstLastNameCastegroupOut](docs/models/BatchFirstLastNameCastegroupOut.md)
 - [BatchFirstLastNameDiasporaedOut](docs/models/BatchFirstLastNameDiasporaedOut.md)
 - [BatchFirstLastNameGenderIn](docs/models/BatchFirstLastNameGenderIn.md)
 - [BatchFirstLastNameGenderedOut](docs/models/BatchFirstLastNameGenderedOut.md)
 - [BatchFirstLastNameGeoIn](docs/models/BatchFirstLastNameGeoIn.md)
 - [BatchFirstLastNameGeoSubclassificationOut](docs/models/BatchFirstLastNameGeoSubclassificationOut.md)
 - [BatchFirstLastNameGeoSubdivisionIn](docs/models/BatchFirstLastNameGeoSubdivisionIn.md)
 - [BatchFirstLastNameGeoZippedIn](docs/models/BatchFirstLastNameGeoZippedIn.md)
 - [BatchFirstLastNameIn](docs/models/BatchFirstLastNameIn.md)
 - [BatchFirstLastNameOriginedOut](docs/models/BatchFirstLastNameOriginedOut.md)
 - [BatchFirstLastNamePhoneCodedOut](docs/models/BatchFirstLastNamePhoneCodedOut.md)
 - [BatchFirstLastNamePhoneNumberGeoIn](docs/models/BatchFirstLastNamePhoneNumberGeoIn.md)
 - [BatchFirstLastNamePhoneNumberIn](docs/models/BatchFirstLastNamePhoneNumberIn.md)
 - [BatchFirstLastNameReligionedOut](docs/models/BatchFirstLastNameReligionedOut.md)
 - [BatchFirstLastNameSubdivisionIn](docs/models/BatchFirstLastNameSubdivisionIn.md)
 - [BatchFirstLastNameUSRaceEthnicityOut](docs/models/BatchFirstLastNameUSRaceEthnicityOut.md)
 - [BatchMatchPersonalFirstLastNameIn](docs/models/BatchMatchPersonalFirstLastNameIn.md)
 - [BatchNameGeoIn](docs/models/BatchNameGeoIn.md)
 - [BatchNameIn](docs/models/BatchNameIn.md)
 - [BatchNameMatchCandidatesOut](docs/models/BatchNameMatchCandidatesOut.md)
 - [BatchNameMatchedOut](docs/models/BatchNameMatchedOut.md)
 - [BatchPersonalNameCastegroupOut](docs/models/BatchPersonalNameCastegroupOut.md)
 - [BatchPersonalNameGenderedOut](docs/models/BatchPersonalNameGenderedOut.md)
 - [BatchPersonalNameGeoIn](docs/models/BatchPersonalNameGeoIn.md)
 - [BatchPersonalNameGeoOut](docs/models/BatchPersonalNameGeoOut.md)
 - [BatchPersonalNameGeoSubclassificationOut](docs/models/BatchPersonalNameGeoSubclassificationOut.md)
 - [BatchPersonalNameGeoSubdivisionIn](docs/models/BatchPersonalNameGeoSubdivisionIn.md)
 - [BatchPersonalNameIn](docs/models/BatchPersonalNameIn.md)
 - [BatchPersonalNameParsedOut](docs/models/BatchPersonalNameParsedOut.md)
 - [BatchPersonalNameReligionedOut](docs/models/BatchPersonalNameReligionedOut.md)
 - [BatchPersonalNameSubdivisionIn](docs/models/BatchPersonalNameSubdivisionIn.md)
 - [BatchProperNounCategorizedOut](docs/models/BatchProperNounCategorizedOut.md)
 - [CorridorIn](docs/models/CorridorIn.md)
 - [CorridorOut](docs/models/CorridorOut.md)
 - [FeedbackLoopOut](docs/models/FeedbackLoopOut.md)
 - [FirstLastNameCasteOut](docs/models/FirstLastNameCasteOut.md)
 - [FirstLastNameCastegroupOut](docs/models/FirstLastNameCastegroupOut.md)
 - [FirstLastNameDiasporaedOut](docs/models/FirstLastNameDiasporaedOut.md)
 - [FirstLastNameGenderIn](docs/models/FirstLastNameGenderIn.md)
 - [FirstLastNameGenderedOut](docs/models/FirstLastNameGenderedOut.md)
 - [FirstLastNameGeoIn](docs/models/FirstLastNameGeoIn.md)
 - [FirstLastNameGeoSubclassificationOut](docs/models/FirstLastNameGeoSubclassificationOut.md)
 - [FirstLastNameGeoSubdivisionIn](docs/models/FirstLastNameGeoSubdivisionIn.md)
 - [FirstLastNameGeoZippedIn](docs/models/FirstLastNameGeoZippedIn.md)
 - [FirstLastNameIn](docs/models/FirstLastNameIn.md)
 - [FirstLastNameOriginedOut](docs/models/FirstLastNameOriginedOut.md)
 - [FirstLastNameOut](docs/models/FirstLastNameOut.md)
 - [FirstLastNamePhoneCodedOut](docs/models/FirstLastNamePhoneCodedOut.md)
 - [FirstLastNamePhoneNumberGeoIn](docs/models/FirstLastNamePhoneNumberGeoIn.md)
 - [FirstLastNamePhoneNumberIn](docs/models/FirstLastNamePhoneNumberIn.md)
 - [FirstLastNameReligionedOut](docs/models/FirstLastNameReligionedOut.md)
 - [FirstLastNameSubdivisionIn](docs/models/FirstLastNameSubdivisionIn.md)
 - [FirstLastNameUSRaceEthnicityOut](docs/models/FirstLastNameUSRaceEthnicityOut.md)
 - [MatchPersonalFirstLastNameIn](docs/models/MatchPersonalFirstLastNameIn.md)
 - [NameGeoIn](docs/models/NameGeoIn.md)
 - [NameIn](docs/models/NameIn.md)
 - [NameMatchCandidateOut](docs/models/NameMatchCandidateOut.md)
 - [NameMatchCandidatesOut](docs/models/NameMatchCandidatesOut.md)
 - [NameMatchedOut](docs/models/NameMatchedOut.md)
 - [PersonalNameCastegroupOut](docs/models/PersonalNameCastegroupOut.md)
 - [PersonalNameGenderedOut](docs/models/PersonalNameGenderedOut.md)
 - [PersonalNameGeoIn](docs/models/PersonalNameGeoIn.md)
 - [PersonalNameGeoOut](docs/models/PersonalNameGeoOut.md)
 - [PersonalNameGeoSubclassificationOut](docs/models/PersonalNameGeoSubclassificationOut.md)
 - [PersonalNameGeoSubdivisionIn](docs/models/PersonalNameGeoSubdivisionIn.md)
 - [PersonalNameIn](docs/models/PersonalNameIn.md)
 - [PersonalNameParsedOut](docs/models/PersonalNameParsedOut.md)
 - [PersonalNameReligionedOut](docs/models/PersonalNameReligionedOut.md)
 - [PersonalNameSubdivisionIn](docs/models/PersonalNameSubdivisionIn.md)
 - [ProperNounCategorizedOut](docs/models/ProperNounCategorizedOut.md)
 - [RegionISO](docs/models/RegionISO.md)
 - [RegionOut](docs/models/RegionOut.md)
 - [ReligionStatOut](docs/models/ReligionStatOut.md)
 - [SoftwareVersionOut](docs/models/SoftwareVersionOut.md)

## Documentation For Authorization

Authentication schemes defined for the API:
<a id="api_key"></a>
### api_key

- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: X-API-KEY
- **Location**: HTTP header


## Author

contact@namsor.com
contact@namsor.com
contact@namsor.com
contact@namsor.com
contact@namsor.com
contact@namsor.com
contact@namsor.com

## Notes for Large OpenAPI documents
If the OpenAPI document is large, imports in openapi_client.apis and openapi_client.models may fail with a
RecursionError indicating the maximum recursion limit has been exceeded. In that case, there are a couple of solutions:

Solution 1:
Use specific imports for apis and models like:
- `from openapi_client.apis.default_api import DefaultApi`
- `from openapi_client.model.pet import Pet`

Solution 1:
Before importing the package, adjust the maximum recursion limit as shown below:
```
import sys
sys.setrecursionlimit(1500)
import openapi_client
from openapi_client.apis import *
from openapi_client.models import *
```
